Doug Pham
scenarios.txt

1.
Alice and Bob use Diffie-Hellman to agree on a shared secret key K and now they have established this shared secret. Then use symmetric encryption algorithm AES(K,M) to encrypt it and AES_D(K,C) to decrypt it. This works since AITM is not possible, which is the only downfall of Diffie-Hellman, and with AES the message is encrypted so Eve cannot read it.

2.
First, Alice would want to use a cryptographic hash funciton to create a hash of her message (H(M)). This makes it so Mal cannot modify the message without Bob being able to detect it since even slightly changing one character in the message would completely change H(M). Then, Alice is going to use her private key to give H(M) a digital signature so that Bob will know whether or not the message has been tampered with. Finally Alice can send H(M) to Bob with the digital signature.

3.
First, since we know that AITM is impossible, Alice and Bob would use Diffie-Hellman to agree on a shared secret key K_1 and now they have established this shared secret. Then similar to 1. we would again use symmetric encryption algorithm AES(K_2,M) to encrypt, where M is the contract that Alice wants to send and K_2 is the key for this symmetric encryption. Now to ensure that Bob can be confident that it is Alice who sent the message, Alice can take AES(K_2, M) and use a hash function which would look like H(AES(K_2, M)) and then Alice can use her private key to create a digital signature to sign this hash with. This will ensure that Bob can be confident that Alice sent the message and then after all that, Alice can send bob the encrypted contract with the digital signature to Bob.

4.
Claim #1: One possibility is an AITM attack. Alice could claim that Mal could have intercepted the communication between Bob and her and thus she would have access to the original contract. Then Mal would be able to replace the original contract and modify it before Bob could have gotten it. This would be a plausible claim if there was evidence of the contract being modified from an AITM attack.
Claim #2: Alice could claim that there was a compromise with her private key that was used to create the digital signature and thus allow the contract to be modified. As the judge, I would find this to be unlikely as typically you should keep your own private key secure but unauthorized access is always possible but I would say this is less likely than the AITM attack.
Claim #3: Another possibility is that Alice could say that her digital signature was forged and then made a modified contract that a signature that is valid. This would be a sophisticated attack for the attacker so the more important this contract is between Alice and Bob, the more likely a strong attacker would be able to pull this off. I would say that this is also a likely situation.

5.

6.
No that is not enough to convince Alice she is talking to Bob. One thing that Bob can do to convince Alice that Bob has the S_B that goes with the P_B in Cert_B is that Alice and Bob can do Diffie-Hellman with challenge. So Alice and Bob will do Diffie-Hellman as normal. Then Alice sends Bob a random challenge. Bob will then sign this challenge by doing the following E(S_B, H(R || g^b mod p)) where S_B is Bob's private key, R is the random number that Alice sent Bob, and g^b mod p was sent from Bob to Alice during DH. Then Alice can verify the signature using P_B and then if the signature is valid, Alice can then know that she is communicating with Bob.

7.
